So, deployment life can be pretty hard sometimes. Most of the time you're
working. I'd say about 75% of most days you're either going to work
or coming from work or you know, sitting down preparing to go for
work in a few hours. But, there is time to relax. So, many people,
they join bands, they watch DVDs from the recreation center that we
have there, they sit around and play cards, they kind of just sit and
if it's later on at night, then you sleep, although like during the
work day, you're not supposed to sleep at all. So, I remember my
days would be, I would wake up at about 6:50, I would be in group, in
formation at 7. It's only ten minutes I know, but you learn to be
very very quick and then you're working until four o'clock. And from
that point on, you could stand watch which would be another six hours
after that, at least for me. Some people don't stand watch, some
people do, its about half-half. Or you could be doing these trainings
that come later on that night, they're called General Quarters. We
were fighting a war, so they pretend like a bomb hit us or there's
some kind of chemical spill or things that make you, that keep you on
your feet to make sure that you have all the skills that you need
to fight the casualty. So, short answer, you're working pretty much
all day.